
误测成因一：Projection of an ideal self

According to the analytic psychology of Carl Gustav Jung, the psychology structure is not only consisting of the real self, but also about the ideal self. It lies between your conscious and subconscious mind, so it doesn't show itself in obvious ways, and you don't even notice it yourself. But you are just attracted to a particular characteristic of a kind of person (aka in a sense that shows as jealousy). So for the test result, it just the person you want to be, but not yourself.

误测成因二：Environmental adaptation of persona
You can see at the symmetrical position, here is a structure named persona, which is between the seal and outer world.

 

In fact, personas are the different social identities. As a social person, we need to present different social functions when dealing with different people, which means that the self’s personality is stable but the personas’ will change with the environment. Therefor if you are testing with your current persona, which is different form your past persona or your self, your MBTI test result will change. For example, You're an INFP working in a stressful environment with a job that requires a high degree of process and planning, so over time you're likely to put on a persona and test as an INTJ.

误测成因三：Low reliability of test model
Another major reason for personality mis-testing is the low reliability of current MBTI tests. Reliability is a key indicator in quantitative analyses, and the reliability is mainly derived from the dichotomy of the test items. Sometimes the choice is different in a different mental environment, and this bias is likely to have a particularly large influence on some of the 2D 49/51 players and result a mis-testing.

 
For example, for this question, if you have just finished a complex job and you're still basking in the feeling of success, you will choose a more agreed answer than the initial one.. However, if you're suffering because there's no existing method to realize your novel ideal, you will choose a more disagreed answer than the initial one. For the 49/51 players, it will cause a very different result.
